[Doc] change the structure of llm runtime readme (#596)
intel/intel-extension-for-transformers: intel_extension_for_transformers/llm/runtime/graph/README.md

```shell
pip install intel-extension-for-transformers
```
</br>
Build from source <br />

> Warning: If you want to use ```from_pretrain``` API, please follow [installation.md](../../../../docs/installation.md) to build whole project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning: If you want to use ```from_pretrain``` API, please follow [installation.md](../../../../../docs/installation.md) to build whole project.
```

> Warning: If you want to use ```from_pretrain``` API, please follow [installation.md](../../../../docs/installation.md) to build whole project.

Reviewer: ```<br\>``` will break markdown format, how about 
```suggestion
Build from source
>Warning: If you want to use ```from_pretrain``` API, please follow [installation.md](../../../../docs/installation.md) to build whole project.
```
